The professor is knowledgeable of the content of the course. 
She provides hands-on guidance during the teaching-learning.  
In delivering topics to the student  
Her attendance needs to be improve  
Always late  
Good communication with student. had consideration for student  
She is being scary or terror when it comes on deadlines but this professor are so kind she never quits to help students.  
Nothing to improve  
Teaching needs to be improve
I want to see her smile  
A very excellent professor of the University, for having an effective and high standard teaching techniques.  
She emphasizes discipline and knowledge  
Teaching skills  
None to be improve  
Good Personality  
Strict and a kind teacher  Too strict and she gave us too much activities too pass on time  None  
Society  
Self experience  
Good  
Listen and focus on the professor what they are talking  
The strongest point of my professor is agree because I have a lot to know about what she teaches  
My profosser is good teaching in all no need to improve bacause she is the best for me and my heart  
She has a feedback to the students while reportings so if the reporter us wrong she give a professional suggestion.  
Stay what she is. 
Thank you mam.  
My most points is agree because to all that i want to be able to get the best way to get a free  
Method of teaching is her strong points
Students need to be Encourage
Thanks maam  
Thank you maam you are the best  
Bye ma'am. Til next time   
Poor teaching skills.  
Be considerable ma'am  
Good in teaching  
Strict in class time  Be more considerate at times and when providing deadlines, be sure to wait until the end time or day of the deadline.  Please be considerate with the student's situation at times. Especially with deadlines because not all projects are  
Easy to finish in such a short amount of time.  
Consider the student's tardiness in class. Even if they are 15 or 30 minutes late, they PAID that class. Let them in, mark them as late, then just don't give them a quiz or seatwork. Because even if they are late, nagbayad sila sa klaseng yan to LEARN. Please give consideration, as well as others a chance to report.  Please tone down your attitude and snarky remarks.  
She can talk about the subject she's teaching  She doesn't let students inside when they are late, it doesn't matter if they're an hour late but she isn't letting the students learn a single thing by not letting them in. She said that those who are very late should be sent to the OSD but that doesn't mean she can't let them in to learn. I may be unmotivated to learn most subjects but even will I learn  
a thing or two. This behavior is not fit for a professor and should be met with appropriate action. This is not to be tolerated.c She also keeps comparing her generation with our; it's not our fault her generation led us here.  
Relates topic to real life and concerned to her students  She dont have to improved anything just stay what she is..  Thank you for her consideration as a teacher.  
Excellent  

