The way ma'am  teach us is fine.  All the lesson that discussed in class i understand but sometimes i do'nt. I wish ma'am  teach us in a simplest way ..  
Her personality and teaching skills is her strong point. 
Maybe try to talk to the students more? engage us to talk about the parts we have a hard time understanding. 
She encourages us to approach her if we need anything but most of the time when we don't understand the lesson we have a hard time asking her for help...  
Because Maam finished the course of BSIT, programming subject is easy for her. That's why everytime we are having some trouble & questions about the topics that she discuss she explained it to us clearly and underatandably .  The time management. Time management between being a professor & a wife & mother. Because there's a time that she came to our class too late. And her reason is her child.  
She has a better way of teaching, making us understand lessons very well.  
She teaches well  not sure  
Thanks for teaching us whole heartedly :)  
Ma'am  is nice a Prof. She's good in teaching.  Keep up the good work ma'am  
Her personality amd teachinv skills.  None  None  
She was my professor way back to computer fundamentals so I was surprised that she also speak in Japanese language. Having so many skills on her plate, she inspires me to keep on learning more.  
She presents in ways which are  Keep up the good work! :)  
Interesting and involving, relates the materials to actual experience in real life like speaking in Japanese, has integrity and takes the time and effort to understand the lesson easily.  
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!  
She goes beyond what a professor/teacher/.... does. She's very caring and shows compassion to all of us. Fair and just.  
Probably for Japanese, she should ease down the pacing. Let us stay on one topic for a while then move to the next one.  
Detailed teaching  
Giving lectures and activities  Giving examinations  A good and kind professor  
From the bottom of our hearts, thank you very much ma'am Yumie. It was such an honor to be your student.  
She is really good at Japanese hands down  The students are those who needs improvement.  Good prof.  
Thank you mam  
Able to explain the lessons well.   
Strong personality yet always considering students opinion  
More interesting way of teaching.  
Kind  
More explanation about the topic  
Considerate  
She's perfect  
Im thankful that I enrolled your subject  
She's so responsible and always go to class and teach us patiently.  
Classroom management  needs to be improved  
Flexible and easy to talk too..  
