Motivate students to achieve goal.  
Ability to explain difficult things in a simple way, and creativity and enthusiasm for teaching.  
Organization  
Mostly highly recommended for all incoming first year IT/CS students.  
The best prof for freshmens  
Very great at teaching  The professor has nothing to improve because he's the best.  Keep it up sir !  
He listens to us and gives us proper instruction, Even made a youtube channel to keep us up in programming.  
Thank you very much sir! I salute thee 
He is approachable and and always assure that his students are learning.  
Make his students think more  
Sir is very smart even if the students reprimand him. 
Nothing to be improved  
Godbless sir  
GOOD IN TEACHING  
GOOD IN ADVISING  
STAY THE GOOD IMAGE FOR STUDENTS  
knew how to handle his student, know what are the capabilities and weakness of his student. very considerate professor.  
just be strict sometimes.  
great teacher ever  
by Explaining the topic  
always patient to entertain his student's.  
nothing. Just continue what he is now  
nice professor.  
Explaining  
Nothing  
he is good at teaching    
good teacher ....  
On point teaching  
having more hands on examples in activities  
Way of teaching to easy to communicate to the students  
to be open and let us to know whats wrong and what is right  
professional professor. strongly agree.  
He is good when he si advicing us to reach our gouls  
He's focusing in our week side  
Nice, very nice  
He provides an appropriate application of theories and concepts And appritiate student's works and outputs.  
The profesor provides the appropriate needs of the students, so I no longer require for any further improvements.  
very good when it comes to explaining  
nothing hes good already  
nothing  
Good teaching and explaning  
None  
Good in speaking and motivating his student also excellent in teaching the program  
None  
The way he delivers every lesson and the way he teaches the ststudents without pressuring the students.  
The way he teach us and the way we cooperate  
Theres nothing need to improve  
None  
Spoon feeding lesson! One of the great teachers!  
Thank you sir Lex! :)  
all of his traits  
none  
thank you  
He explained clearly  
He provide the best way for teaching in a easiest way to understand.  More clearest in terms of providing instructions.  
Everything he do is a strong point. But the strongest point he has is the way he teaches the students without any complications and can easily makes his students understand the lesson  So far none.  One of the best professors in the institution  
His critical thinking and pleasing personalities  Brand new whiteboard marker  
He can utilize and manage the varied way of teaching in his student  
Teaching  attendance  nothing  
Binibigyan ng kalayaan ang istudyante sa bawat bagay na itinuturo, tinuturan ang istudyante na mag aral sa sariling kakayahan..  
Understands his students very well and help them to cope up rather than comparing them to others  
Professor exercise freedom on the class. Students reciprocate respect because of the trust and manner of how a college student should be treated.  
Being open to students.  Explaining the lesson deeply.  Is a friendly professor.  
Going to field for practice..  
He pinpoint all the topic that are hard for us to understand  
The professor has good humor  
Passionate about teaching.  
When he teach each topic well  Being friendly  NONE  
He explain the lesson clearly  
Teaching  Come early sometimes  
Very patient and polite.  
none  
The professor will definitely explain you the lesson over and over until we come to the point that we all understand. 
A one of a kind professor to have. 
Very Professional in discussion as he relates the lesson in to real-world.  Level of expectations to students should be balanced. Overall are good.  
He doesn't want to explain the lesson further which makes us to listen to him carefully  
He answer the questions of the students  less absences  
Exaggerates the keywords of the lessons in order to understand a certain topic  None.  
The way he talks  None  
Passionate about teaching.  
The professor definitely explain you the lesson over and over until we come to the point that we all understand. A one of a kind professor to have. 
Very Professional in discussion as he relates the lesson in to real-world.  Good Professor  
Teaching Strategy is his strong point
Nothing to improve  
He explain the topic very good  less absences  accept effort of the students  
When he teach each topic well  Being friendly  none  
Speech needs to be improved  
Wants the students to learn  
Dont need to improve  
Good at teaching  
He's open to suggestions of his students
Please comes to class on time  
I learned so much on our class we did  
He is Considerate   
He explain well the topics  less absences  accept students effort  
Nice teacher  
Nothing to improved  
Good looking  
He explain the topics well  
Minimized his absences absences  
Accept students effort  
He has a very strong connection within his students that's why we are eager to learn from his lessons.  
He knows what his students needs and where to improve.  
I will give him a Perfect score

