Approachable to students and listening to students for problems. having a good atittude and always atenttive to students.  
For me shes .. Understandable and caring professor for us.  More knowledge and techniques to share with us...hahaha  Stay with us ma'am...  
Pay more attention to students.  I am having a hard time in class. I dont understand the lesson well nor the tutorials. I have lost motivation on coming to class since i know i am not smart enough to catch the lesson right away.  
I really didn't attend a single class from this course so I wouldn't know what happened inside the classroom these past weeks  
Good in Teaching   
Showing interest  
Good on teaching  Good in teaching  
She is considerable in the way what her students need.  
None  Everything  I regret enrolling in GD. Or EMC in general  
Good in teaching  Good in teaching  
Always early and can communicate easily with students  
Early Assignment of projects and her pleasing personality.  
Early Assignment of projects and her pleasing personality.  
Kind  
Very kind and not discriminating, even if the students are not all good at her subject, even allows extensions which is a great thing for a stressed-out student to have  
She gives us activities a lot  She's good professor however she doesn't teach on a technique to improve our skills. She provided only a book that came only on online. What I expect is an Art teacher who is expert on drawing which will make us improve and apply it through our future.  I wish she could teach some other strategies or techniques on improving a skill by showing us.  
She instruct us well and inform us asap for the future activities.  Ma'am Era is a very kind professor.  
Good consciousness of the difference of every students.  
Oral teaching needs to be improved. 
Be an affectionate teacher and show more talents/skills acquired through teaching to be an isnpiration to every students.  
She's very withdraw on creating rapport on her students, I think the average home teacher was to create chemistry atmosphere in our section since she's  gonna be our teacher until we graduate. 
It's not that she's bad at teaching but we would really appreciate if she is a very good leader and be more like an idol. I think it's very important for every animation students.  
Reminder are still remains but they have a lot of things are good to appreciate but actually have is the assignment & activity  they were good in teaching special in drawing and it's anatomy  
Friendly   
This lady is unqualified for teaching. 
There wasn't any half-decent professor in EMC ever. 
The university is still unfit for teaching this course, and a lot of students wasted four years of their life just because of it. Most of my classmates will graduate with knowledge that are far underneath what other EMC students have in other schools.  
Good in teacing  
No time management . 
Always announced an activity, projects, etcetera the day before submission.  
She's the most supportive Professor I've known.
She is considerate and very understanding. She have changed my whole aspect on my learning, I wouldn't be where I am today without her. The encouragement and persistence in the past 4 years has taught me that I am who I am, and to get to the top, it?s all down to me. I am capable, but it will take hard work and lots of dedication. Thank you Mam Era! <3  
Uses appropriate instructional materials  
She doesn't know how to teach. 
She just pushes requirements but without teaching decently how are we supposed to learn?  
There wasn't any half-decent professor in EMC ever. The university is still unfit for teaching this course, and a lot of students wasted four years of their life just because of it. Most of my classmates will graduate with knowledge that are far underneath what other EMC students have in other schools.  
Good in teaching  
No time management and always announced an activity, projects, etcetera the day before submission.  
Uses appropriate instructional materials  


