BEST PROF IN THE WORLD  
My strong points I Gave Up Is 10. :)  
BEST PROF IN THE WOLRD  
Strong Points I Gave Is 10. :)  
He has a very good teaching strategy, and he's the Idol of the Astronomy students. 
My Strong Points Is 9.. :)  
Very detailed and professional about every topic he discussed. Is very open and patient when students are facing difficulties about school. Taught us not only about his subject but also gave us pointers and tips about what it's like in the industry and what we should do to stand out.  Thank you so much, Sir Jerry!  
The best Prof on CCS Department he always deliver and explains the lesson very well and I learn a lot on him.  
Nice
He need's to be open for suggestions, not always bypassing the student if he/she complaining about the concern of the student.  Approachable sometimes not anytime.  
Knows what he's teaching.  
everything about him is his strong  
his patience needs more improvement, lessen his temper towards students  thank you    
Hoping for another sem with you sir, thank you!!!  
Good  
Advance study more  Associate students in a good term to avoid uneasiness for study.  Thanks for teaching us sir,  
Thank you sir God Bless :)  
Thanks to grade you gave!   
Everything is ok. Thank you  
My Strong Points I Gave It Is 8 For Teaching And Explaining The Subject..  
Be Concern And Calm For Students..  
Very well skilled professor. I like the way he teaches us.  Some would say this professor is a "terror" but I would say he is a great professor and surely you will learn a lot. Just make sure you are following him, and doing all the requirements on time. Usually the students who are calling him "terror" are the lazy ones.  
Mastery of the Subject
He teach us well  
Explaining difficult topics in an interactive and understandable way  
Execellent professor  
Motivational professor :)  
To apply our studies to our future jobs  Initiate  
Good teaching  
The way teach he teach students is his strong point  



