He's super good at teaching the subject or course.  All the things the professor taught us in this course is unbelievably unforgettable.
I enjoyed this subject. I love the subject because of the professor!! he's so galing talaga. > He's the best professor in NEU for me. > Everyone understood what he taught. > The subject is a little difficult but ang galing niya talaga.  NONE.  > He's my favorite professor!! He's super galing talaga in teaching us the lessons. > One of my professor even said that sir Hagos is one of her favorite prof and we both agreed that he's so excellent in teaching Mathematics!!!! > I could relate the numerical methods subject in other subjects which is so amazing thank you talaga sir!!!!  
He/she teach us how the math flow it is.  No need to improve  I like the way that he teach.  
Teaching stategies is his strong point
Nothing to improve  
He motivated us to study well.  
He employs varity of excellent teaching techniques   
Everything is his strong point 
Thank you  
Good teaching    
For some reason his teaching is very fast for a slow learner like me. But sooner or later I somewhat get what he's trying to teach me. Whatever that element is, it's working  
Comes to class on time  
He knows the subject matter very well.  
Everything is good    
My most points is agree because he is good and great teaching that me want to that kind of professor  
We're very happy every time   
He makes learning math fun and makes jokes from time to time to keep us from falling asleep. Very clear un discussing a lesson and doesn't stray away from the topic.  None.  
Before he gives us an activity, he teaches first the lesson. Also, he gives us intensives like plus points.  
Fast pace teaching but we can understand the topics he is discussing. Clear and on point.  Activites and more seatworks  A good professor. Learned so much from him  
Thank you sir God bless  
Funny  
He was so good in explaining mathematical and logical problems for us to be able to catch-up and understand the lesson and learn the topic.  None. He was good overall.  Thank you more time and consideration that you've given to us.  
Nothing to improve  
Storm's cuts off a lot of days which could've been for classes. I hope teachers/professors adapts to this set backs.(for example: if a professor only meets his class once a week and it so happens that classes were canceled due to heavy rain/ storm they may want to give their students the topic which was meant too be discussed on that day. Or give all a list of the topics that subject will cover,especially for people like me who had to miss 2 weeks of school because i needed clearance from the doctor so i had trouble catching up)  
Good Job  
Easy to approach and when it comes to teaching he puts joke to avoid boredom in his class.  need to avoid sensitivity and harsh comments.  need to avoid sensitivity and harsh comments. Sometimes his comments is funny but sometimes is not.  
Direct to the point. When he is teaching and very clear explanation when it comes to discussion  Hope to see him in next semester. I admired his teaching skills  
Sound Character.    
He teach very clearly and you can understand when he explained  There has no improvement because he is good in teaching  
His pleasing personality that can connect with us "boys".  The pacing of his teaching was too fast and I'm too retarded to follow his pacing. He should chill out the pacing so that other students can follow. Some can but others don't(me for example)  
Being a passionate professor is his strong point  none  thank you  
Always early and present in class and delivers to subject well and he explain to us very clearly and have explanation on that matter. funny and attentive to class and especially to students.  
His pleasing personality  The pacing of his teaching was too fast and I'm too retarded to follow his pacing. He should chill out the pacing so that other students can follow. Some can but others don't(me for example)  
Funny  
Good  
Always early and present in class and delivers to subject well and he explain to us very clearly and have explanation on that matter. funny and attentive to class and especially to students.  
For me his experiences about teaching.
He can manage us in an effective way
See you around sir.  



